[REG-1246] docs: return 'get test domain on polygonscan page' (#152)
unstoppabledomains/dev-docs: getting-started/test-domains/polygonscan.md

## Step 3: Locate the domain ending namehash for Polygon

You can locate the domain ending [namehash](../domain-registry-essentials/namehashing.md) using the following list:

```bash
0x0f4a10a4f46c288cea365fcf45cccf0e9d901b945b9829ccdb54c10dc3cb7a6f = 'crypto';
0x1e3f482b3363eb4710dae2cb2183128e272eafbe137f686851c1caea32502230 = 'wallet';
0x241e7e2b7fd7333b3c0c049b326316b811af0c01cfc0c7a90b466fda3a70fc2d = 'x';
0xb75cf4f3d8bc3deb317ed5216d898899d5cc6a783f65f6768eb9bcb89428670d = 'nft';
0x4118ebbd893ecbb9f5d7a817c7d8039c1bd991b56ea243e2ae84d0a1b2c950a7 = 'blockchain';
0x042fb01c1e43fb4a32f85b41c821e17d2faeac58cfc5fb23f80bc00c940f85e3 = 'bitcoin';
0x5c828ec285c0bf152a30a325b3963661a80cb87641d60920344caf04d4a0f31e = '888';
0xb5f2bbf81da581299d4ff7af60560c0ac854196f5227328d2d0c2bb0df33e553 = 'dao';
0xa18784bb78ee0f577251fb21ad5cac7a140ab47e9414e3c7af5125e3e1d28923 = 'klever';
0xfdb51f7f56d9b1149db5ce99afcf60dda4416fd6fb8dc0649fec13cd03e1803e = 'hi';
0x2acf53593112265ba651274f0e33a6b3fe86f92bbee4d39211540592fde6b0f3 = 'kresus';
0xed9ce6b49a0e2c56c57c86795b131bd6df792312183994c3cf3de1516cfe92d6 = 'polygon';
0xaf4d61a6acdda7379d6f90207923aeb080994d0f1aaba4b8b24a14f965b2bb7c = 'anime';

> 0x57ea207b3238a69d8a9a53252de172f2ceae1d856008b13208a203867a707c78 = 'manga';

Reviewer: probably make sense to use the full list

```

For example, the `.dao` domain ending namehash is `0xb5f2bbf81da581299d4ff7af60560c0ac854196f5227328d2d0c2bb0df33e553`.

## Step 4: Write the Polygonscan Smart Contract Request

- Go to [Polygonscan/Amoy](https://amoy.polygonscan.com/address/0xabec3fF0F0b6375F65CB9aEB01e8347bf697082F#writeProxyContract) Smart Contract Page.
- Choose **Write as Proxy** tab.
- Connect your wallet (Amoy).
- Choose `claimToWithRecords` method and fill properties with needed values: receiver wallet address, domain ending namehash, and test domain suffix.

<figure>

![Enter data for 'claim to records' for Polygonscan domain (Layer2)](/images/polygonscan-claim-to-records.png)

<figcaption>Enter data for 'claim to records' for Polygonscan domain (Layer2)</figcaption>
</figure>

- Click the **Write** button to start the transaction.

:::success Congratulations!

> You're the new proud owner of a test domain on Polygon Mumbai testnet. Happy hacking!

Reviewer: `mumbai`

---
title: Get a Free Polygon Test Domain Guide | Unstoppable Domains Developer Portal
description: This guide covers the process of obtaining a free test domain, through direct smart contract calling on Polygonscan.
---

# Get a Free Polygon Test Domain Guide

<embed src="/snippets/_test-domain-explain.md" />

:::info

> [Polygon faucet](https://faucet.polygon.technology) offers free money in the form of matic tokens for domains minted on Polygon Testnet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Polygon faucet](https://faucet.polygon.technology) offers free MATIC tokens for Polygon Testnets. You will need some MATIC to interact with our smart contracts and claim a free test domain.
```

:::

## Step 1. Configure your Metamask wallet for Polygon

- Follow this instructions: [Add polygon to your Metamask wallet Guide](../../manage-domains/guides/add-polygon-to-metamask.md)

## Step 2. Get free MATIC tokens from Polygon Faucet

- Follow this instructions: [Get Polygon Test Tokens Guide](../../manage-domains/guides/get-polygon-test-tokens.md)

## Step 3: Locate the domain ending namehash for Polygon

You can locate the domain ending [namehash](../domain-registry-essentials/namehashing.md) using the following list:

```bash
"0x58872a8ca9414ae0f3ab850f51efaf4c77b647d903f9ec89a03d3018bb42e4fa = 'clay';
"0x0f4a10a4f46c288cea365fcf45cccf0e9d901b945b9829ccdb54c10dc3cb7a6f = 'crypto';
"0x89e68000b532da79f9a0d4b8416eaa4f64294236ab233205343453d5bec22933 = 'austin';
"0x17936dd2b9c99a1e1bfa039dd7d40118f3ed535fcd9c8cda23c8070ffb4c2264 = 'pudgy';
"0x9bf15275eb85f2e69308f3dbfbe0f94cade4f05c2aa24ba7b9eba5ad2fb1a2cb = 'altimist';
"0xa264639c3dbff58a1ded5efcf724e50a9c7847ff8197c87c00d009fbba2a3720 = 'go';

> "0x2ac5a394f941733376764fbf4c4b2933098b23a405bd8c55c9a8d32e2c8fb696 = 'realm';

Reviewer 2: We are not officially live with `realm`, so we should exclude it.

Are these anywhere in the UNS repo we could just link to instead so we don't have to maintain this list?
